as far as relationship with a subordinate. I had, ah, Chief Petty officer.
Once he told me that if you always keep it professional, you'll
never have to worry about anything. So I would take that notion if
you and I would add onto it. Stay professional, stay respectful, stay
cordial and add Yummy. Include something in your personality. Never
always be genuine is what I'm trying to say, So genuineness. Be cordial.
Be respectful, be professional and be respected and just stay
true to yourself and things will flow how they're supposed to flow
now. Giving you won't get along and be buddy buddy with everyone. But
you keep those things in mind and you'll always have a positive and
productive working environment with those subordinates.